it's time to find and close more B2B
sales without being sleazy or
[Music]
unethical hey I'm Sam Dunning founder
over at breaking bb.com in this episode
I'm diving into the exact strategies I
use to find qualify and close B2B sales
everything from initial prospecting
ideas to running Discovery calls and
actually winning and closing business
how you can quickly identify dream
clients the type of businesses sectors
and niches that they fool within and how
you can make that a consistent workflow
how you can run Discovery calls and
presentation calls and quickly weed out
forfeit prospects and build trust and
transparency with ideal clients and
everything else in between to make sure
your B2B sales process is a proven one
that can qualify and close the right
kind of business so with that let's dive
into the
episode what is ethical selling to you
what what does that mean when you hear
that
phrase it's probably the opposite of
what I used to do when I started in
sales because yeah probably I mean look
my my history like I've worked in
literally boiler rooms to selling things
like data to cool centers I've worked
literally in a call center selling ink
cartridges over the phone where one of
the the managers l in the morning was
like beg Barrow poro steel to get the
deal over the line and it's like one of
those and it's like you almost go in
there because I was so young at the time
it didn't really I didn't really
consider it and like selling ink
cartridges or Tona and that kind of
stuff to essentially the only people
that would answer the phone at that time
of day were probably retired because
everyone else is probably working this
was before the the of covid like we're
talking probably 13 14 15 years ago now
and that was one of those environments
really almost like I've worked in boiler
rooms are what in cool centers and that
was almost the opposite of how I'd sell
now I'm almost kind of feel feel bad for
some of the the techniques that were
they into play kind of pushing sales at
all costs and trying to sell anything to
every anyone just to make a commission
check so whereas
now you've kind of learned the hard way
and especially with what I sell now like
I'm selling
SEO content marketing to companies
investing anywhere from $
3.5k to 10K plus a month like it's a
significant investment right and at the
same time we've running a business I've
got a reputation that I want to uphold
so I don't want to sell anything to
anyone I want to make sure first they're
actually a good fit for who we can help
so like I talked about earlier we we
primarily in our case we're mainly B2B
Tech and SAS companies you usually ones
that are fast growth or got a bit of
funding behind them or want to start
ramping things up on the inbound engine
and that means that a lot of companies
might not be the the best fit and it's
my role as a Founder as a business
person as a marketeer as a salesperson
to like we talked about in our first
episode a year or two back in that
initial cool that initial Discovery cool
to weed out like to to be the first
person to say if I don't think you're
best placed to to work with us perhaps
that could be because the offer doesn't
sit right
maybe you're not ready maybe you don't
have the cash to invest maybe I don't
think you're its best place maybe I
think you should invest your cash
elsewhere whether that would be paid
Media or ramping up things you're
already doing or maybe it's it's doing
more of what you're doing or asking for
more referrals instead of going for SEO
like it's my responsibility to do that
because one it it's not going to come
back and bite me in the ass like a few
months into an SEO program for example
they might think well Sam you've
promised me the Earth and we've wasted
all our cash not happy like I don't want
that to happen so I'd rather be very
upfront and say look I don't think this
is the best fit right now like wait a
bit of time then come back or try this
other partner or I know someone else
that might be able to help you based on
where you're at whereas of course if
someone is is a good match they do have
the problem we fix they are facing the
impact of not fixing it they have the
motivation to do it they're well
equipped to invest they have the cash
they have the resource they have the
understanding of how it works then then
it makes sense so I think it's all about
Tak taking the time to like we talked
about at the top understand who you
serve best and the
niches and then taking that time to
realize that not everyone you're going
to have a sales conversation with
especially in the demo stage or
Discovery stage is going to be best
place to work with you and seeing a bit
of a looking it from a long-term lens
because if you're going for that
shortterm hit most of the time it's
going to bite you back in the ass right
yeah oh absolutely and well and then the
other thing if it's not that it's that
the approach you take people will push
back against you I think being pushy
just creates pushiness back doesn't it
so um I think you described that
beautifully it's it's like you read the
book already it's not out
yet I'm not on that I mean all I've done
is modeled the best practice the kind of
stuff you're talking about and kind of
made that accessible to
people you tired of competitors ranking
above you on Google stealing traffic
leads and and mind share from dream
clients every time they're searching for
your services or offers on Google
breaking B2B we fix that with our
unusual approach to SEO content
marketing and websites we craft B2B SEO
strategies and websites for Revenue not
vanity head over to Breaking bb.com to
check our results pricing or to book a
call with
me but but thinking about your industry
there and kind of old Sam we talk about
old Sam and new Sam yeah old Sam pushy
approach doing that stuff because you
didn't know better and the
responsibility was really on the people
who were training you teaching you
encouraging you to do
that that approach can it be applied or
do people apply that in your world in
selling SEO as in any cost big borrow
steel I think you said you know push it
on just take the check whatever and I
don't really care because I've closed
the deal I'm sure they do I'm sure they
do not just in SEO right but in pretty
much any sector I'm sure you can find
sales folks that sales reps be them
account exacts or sales managers
whatever I think you can pretty much put
it in most Industries so I don't want to
necessarily just pigeon whole SEO folks
but I'm sure in marketing in general in
advertising and in other sectors there
always are but I suppose from my point
of view which I can only give was more
because I was more ignorant I never
really got a solid basis of sales
training and it wasn't until probably
five six years ago when I think back
then I I think what motivated me to
start investing my own personal
development certainly from a sales
perspective was probably yeah probably
was about six six or so years ago was
when I saw one of Benjamin Den's videos
just literally by chance on YouTube and
he was giving a a training on I think it
was something to do with upfront
contracts
and how everyone runs a sales School in
the wrong way that you should kind of
clearly State like it's not for the the
prospect to tell you what's going to
happen it's for you to outline it and
see if they fit in with how your process
goes and then I saw that and then I
started getting into sandal of books
like you can't teach kids ride a bike at
a seminar and I thought oh
everything I've been doing is like
completely backwards and once I once
that nail clicked I realized there's
probably a lot that I could do to
improve
how my sales calls are going and how my
prospecting is going and how everything
in my process is going right now and I
was just ignorant to it before and
especially myself as a Founder as a
business owner like you think I think a
lot of people before they go into
running a business think I just need to
deliver the service and that's it
whereas 80% of your time is actually
trying to get the business have those
sales conversations get the deals over
the line then account management
obviously this changes as you grow your
team but a lot of it is actually sales I
mean being able to deliver a product or
a service is a baseline like that should
go without say saying right yeah yeah
it's it's funny actually I I've I've
gotten this soap box a couple of times
in that people people don't want to be
salesy you know and you see it banded
around LinkedIn all over you know salesy
sales horrible and I think that
sometimes means they don't do sales
training they think me or Benjamin or
whoever is going to come along and make
them super salesy was actually like you
just just said we're going to do the
opposite we're going to take you from
what you think sales might be to doing
the stuff which is way more comfortable
for the customer more effective you're
going to be happy with yourself as well
I think that's a really important point
but it's it's kind of misunderstood and
like this perception is oh no I'm not
going to do any sales training so a you
don't do anything trouble B you do the
stuff which you've now seen on telly and
usually what's a comedy show or
something and mess it all up it's uh
again you probably probably seen that
and experience that and want to help
people and kind of give them a shake and
say oh come on look just learn how to do
it better you'll like it more yeah yeah
oh certainly like like I say like going
back 10 12 13 years like I talked about
earlier when I was working like a boiler
room setup or a call center setup it's
like when you don't realize it until
you've until you almost realize the eror
of your ways like when you're like you
said when you're pressing someone or
you're pushing someone to try and buy
something it's like the worst thing you
can do so I think it's I don't know if
this I heard this from Josh Brawn or
someone else but people buy for their
reasons not yours it couldn't be more
true yeah and he I see because he posts
so much on LinkedIn I just happen to see
his stuff in my feed all the time and
it's like when F he he often says
something like when people put up a bar
of resistance go with it and people
aren't used to you going with it like
yeah for example in our space they might
say well Sam you're super expensive like
I can can get SEO for like 500 bucks a
month why should I spend a minimum of
3.5k with you and I'll be like yeah we
are expensive you're right like I mean
I'm guessing you've reached out for me
to a re for a reason right if you start
going resistance people are throwing
back they like what he agrees with me
like I better tell him why I'm thinking
about using him it's like psychology and
sales is a crazy thing right it's there
is so much which is which is what you
know I get quite frustrated when when
people are sort of saying well we've
done ourselves training what for I me
yeah I mean that isn't a conversation
but that's almost how it is sometimes
yeah we did that five or six years
ago basically what they do is repeat the
same training usually presentation
skills we like that's good fun come
along talk about something you know
rather than you look at I mean a the
advancement of tech and all sorts of
different things but just kind of
keeping that that Source sharp and and
just learning new
things I I listed the other day Stu five
you know learned NLP I've gone on improv
courses I've learned coaching I've
learned speaking all these things to to
add more to the repertoire so I can do
this stuff even better people seem to
like nah it's all right done now
finished it is weird isn't it it is
weird I mean and it's almost like
there's there's so like sales training
for example there's so many angles to it
you'll know this 100 times better than
myself but I think I the one one thing I
see that's probably neglected the most
is prospecting training and I think from
from all the stuff I've seen I used to
be like this like going back to my early
years I used to think closing was
everything when I've really learned that
opening is the new closing I think it
was Justin Michael or maybe Josh brwn
that said that but it really is if
you're if you're a business owner or if
you're a salesperson that can
continuously open doors to folks that
fit your idol client profile I.E they're
the niche you want to serve they have
the problem you you solve they're
motivated to fix it and most important
they've got cash to invest in it and
they believe it's a good offering like
if you can consistently strike
conversations with
them even if you're not the best closer
you're going to do well because you're
can have a consistently fat pipeline
that you can then choose which deals you
want to pursue like that's one of the
best offerings and whether that means is
some kind of cold Outreach LinkedIn
Outreach content creation SEO paid media
webinars whatever demand gen whatever
channel is it doesn't matter but if you
can continually find a means to get
those conversations rolling you're going
to do well to struggle
I think going back to the list you just
made there the niche a
problem that they're motivated and they
can pay yeah once you've got that then
your message it's going to land you walk
around with Sandwich Board
on actually I talk someone who was
walking around the San board on the
other day literally yeah from Pure gy he
he got this thing I said you
yeah an idea for a new skit get yourself
down P they've gotten the man have one
and stick your own the top
no but but but well I then video the the
public responses to it even
better um but when you've got that like
you say that will that will go into
whether you are going to call call or
message on or whichever you know that
you'll be so clear that conversations
will
start so I it's interesting kind of
going off like tangent I wonder why
Prospect
training isn't something that's so
popular a strange one I don't know I
think there are I think there are folks
that do it right I think it's more that
it's the most difficult part of selling
like I certainly find it is like I'm a
business owner right and even though I
sell SEO as one of our main offerings
and that's how we get some inbounds
ourself I appreciate that not everyone's
going to come inbound so for example
that's why like I recently did a podcast
on my show Breaking B2B where I tested I
think it was five or seven channels one
was cold email one was an outsourced
cold marketing agency um one was cold
cooling so I cold cooled like VPS
marketing CMOS at B2B SAS to see how
that landed I think one was some kind of
LinkedIn program and then one was
something else I can't remember exactly
what it was now but it's it's one of the
the recent episodes on the show and yeah
essentially
cuz looking for new ways to start
conversation like realiz izing that
you've got to work out what channels
your prospects in your case like we were
talking about then the the niche that
you want to serve and the target market
and the the job roles within that what
channels they're receptive to and
sometimes there are no brainer ones like
they might be listening to an industry
podcast so if you've got the cash you
might look to guest on that podcast or
sponsor it or something like that
sometimes that might be giving a try to
see if they're receptive to code calls
if you can now your messaging right or
code email or of course doing an SEO
program or paid media program to attract
them inbound but but there's only so
much you can capture for one channel if
that makes sense so it's usually
starting with what makes the most sense
where is this Prospect most likely to
have their time and start there and then
going from from there onwards really
yeah I want to sell rugby shirts well
don't go down the local football club
get down the local Rugby Club you're
probably gonna get better response there
you know yeah but uh no it's just
interesting I mean you said it a couple
of times now in different different
forms and I'm going to put it into some
of the ethical selling language that
I've been using which is that informed
decision making is a key part of ethical
sales and so for me that starts at the
very beginning it's not onus on us it's
always Theus is always on us but it's to
qualify so actually we are talking with
people that are likely to make a
decision that's in their best interests
and if it's not qualify out you don't
push them into something don't waste
your own time doing that and then as we
as we kind of move along the pro process
like you've said I'm understanding what
you're trying to do now and I think we
might not be the best option here have a
look at this have a look at this and and
that and that's massively
counterintuitive to a lot of people that
they'll find that pretty uncomfortable
but again you nailed why you would do it
so I want to keep your reputation intact
that's one customer exactly there's
however many I know million people could
buy your stuff out there you don't want
to be tarnishing that so do the right
thing what goes comes around and they'll
probably introduce you to the right
person by being decent I think that's
the word you use decent yeah exactly and
some of this stuff you have to learn the
hard way like I have over the years and
well tell us another mistake We Love
Mistakes um no I I was going to say I
was just thinking one thing that can be
useful at that stage is if you're
thinking like I'm losing out on all
these opportunities because they're not
a good fit and that's probably links
through to stuff you've talked about a
lot in the past like finding partners
that can fulfill your gaps so
as as an example like we we focus on SEO
right but we don't do LinkedIn ads so
there's there's a company called
impactable a guy called Justin row runs
so if someone mentions LinkedIn ads I'll
be like I know these guys they're
they're trustworthy send a lot of
prospects a lot of clients there way
like speak to them or likewise if
someone needs another kind of offering
another paid medor offering we don't do
I'll be like well speak to these folks
or maybe someone's not quite in budget
range for us I'll say speak to this
other guy like I'm friends with a lot of
my comp competitors because it means
that they might have opportunities for
us and likewise we might have poor fit
prospects that aren't the best for us
but they might be better match to them
and also when you serve that Prospect
they remember it don't they like people
people will gain more confidence in you
if you say I don't think you're ready
just now you're probably better off to
suit a conversation here or maybe just
consume some of this this I don't know
this podcast that I've made or this
guide or this walkr or this YouTube
video whatever this this could probably
help you do do it yourself for a while
and then when you've kind of got a bit
more resource come back so it just like
you say when you put the interest of the
prospect first it's always going to pay
you back or they might refer someone
else your way um but to go to your way I
suppose another issue which which might
be useful is again because I know when
we first ched we talked about Discovery
so I suppose the actual sales calls so
that could be a demo a presentation or
whatever call it which is usually a
secondary call after you've had that
initial kind of qualification call or
Discovery whatever you call it which is
more suited to higher ticket sales where
you might bring in the rest of the board
or the rest of the decision committee or
whoever it may be I think the what I
used to do completely wrong was almost
let the prospective clients lead the
call because you'll find like as soon as
you fire up these conversations on a
zoom or a teams or however or face to
face they'll probably start throwing
questions at you and you'll be trying to
go through like a system that you might
have and then you'll just be thrown off
because you'll be trying to answer
questions like how much does it cost
when can you start where he base like
all this stuff it's like having a system
where you can say like this is what's
going to happen this is when I'll get to
your questions this is what i' like to
go through today and I'd also like to
clearly agree agree are you okay to kind
of agree on the next step and that might
Next Step might be no it might be yes or
it might be Let's get someone else from
the team involved like having a
systematic way to run these schols helps
everyone helps the prospect helps
yourself um do they always go 100%
smooth of course not this is this is
real life we're dealing with people I'm
an idiot sometimes other people are
idiots um yeah it's never going to get
100% smooth but it certainly
helps yeah yeah know it it does let me
tell you back though so this this
Avengers Assemble type approach where
you're saying hey look you know we know
what you're trying to do because you're
in business and I've got a little part
of it but if I bring my other mates in
actually we can give you that whole pack
you know the whole package so that it
will work better for you faster but as a
way of approaching as kind of going to
the market and then presenting that
united front that's a smart play and I
something I think people do do miss on a
little
bit um I just thought of another skit
you there mate what Avengers well no you
Haven got a superhero altero haven't you
Oho man yeah SEO man is now going to
have a couple of whatever men and women
supporters you going have to look if you
we' probably gone off track here and
you're thinking what are you pair on
about have a look at Sam's YouTube you
you'll see what I'm talking about with
with SEO man and pirate boy and
all but then the other thing that you
said there was DIY where you've created
material that when you're saying hey
this might not be right for you actually
might not be right for you I so it might
be right for you but not yet to then say
look why do you go and have a look at
this this is where I've laid out how you
can do it
yourself so that people well you know
that's the right that's the right thing
for them but actually then they're
buying into your way of thinking and
again
your your trust Factor your trust
quotient is is going to go up
massively I was Ching yesterday who did
that okay literally literally yeah yeah
we're talking about audio book um talks
about how much it would be to record I
know the guy know not really well BR me
well and he said look look he said look
I could talk about how you could do it
yourself
now I know that's not a recommended
thing to do it's not a bad idea but I
said okay let's let's have that
conversation he didn't then say you
could do this but you shouldn't you do
this you shouldn't you do this you
shouldn't he just said I can talk you
through it in the end I said don't
bother because I don't think I'm going
to but he was very happy to give me this
alternative inverted coms at the expense
of me dropping a load of cash for him to
do the thing for me guess where I'm
going to go when I do
it of course I
am yeah so yeah preparing that material
that you can point people towards so
you're sort of pointing towards yourself
so to speak yeah you're not losing the
business but you keeping them keeping
them of mind is a yeah yeah that's it
and like you said I suppose there's a
few angles one is that putting the
prospect's best interests at the core
like you said there so it might be like
in your case you might think well yeah
you could this is actually a way to do
it yourself so if time or resource or
cash or whatever else was an issue like
these are the way and I can even I even
offer like a DIY course that's like I
don't know Fifer than normal investment
and like you said you've then built that
trust with him immediately because he's
not tried to ramama I don't know a big
investment down your neck he's actually
said this is one way these are the pros
and cons or this is the other way and
these are the pros and cons or the other
case the other useful I suppose if
you've got if you've got your own
content or your company has got useful
content be it educational podcasts or
video or articles or webinars whatever
is in the follow-up process like we've
I've had feedback from prospects
specifically just cuz I knew they were
going to take a couple weeks to discuss
the solution internally before they
decided so every few days I would just
send them something that I thought was
useful like this podcast explains what
we talking about in more detail or this
video explains a bit more about that
problem you're trying to fix or here's a
recent example of something I thought
you might like so we've had two or three
cases just because they said that you
were sending us actually useful stuff we
were more inclined to to use you and I
suppose if you're a seller if you're if
you're a rapper company it's a bit more
difficult because you might not
necessarily stay at that company for
ages so creating content yourself might
not be the best use of your time but if
your company's got your marketing team
or your Founders whatever have got stuff
that's relevant then leverage that if
it's your own business then of course
you might have stuff that you can lean
on yeah I I'm I am a big fan of people
creating their own stuff um I just think
it helps you stand out so well so always
it's there it's on the company website
it's on the
company take it put your own spin on it
you know just grab your phone talk into
camera write an article about it or post
about it and put it there even if it's
not regular I think you and I daily
LinkedIn posters aren't we nonstop
Relentless like Terminator um yeah it's
true but even if you're only doing it a
little bit just to know it's there so
that then you can say to somebody oh
actually well you what we're saying here
might not be the right time but if you
go and look at what I posted here a
couple of weeks ago couple of months ago
I'll send you the link to it it's there
it's your face next to it it's you doing
that and it's you that's positioning
yourself as the person to to just to
speak to as and when the time's right
that's why i' encourage that it's a good
point what I found a
lot is in selling like in that process
whether you're sending a recap maybe
after a discovery call like that interim
between a discovery call and a
presentation
you don't have to do that much to stand
out right like just by going on to
vidard or doing a loom a loom video just
to say here's a quick re like in my case
I might dive into a tool called HRA
where I can get SEO data on their site
and say look this is this is the
particular issue with your traffic
decline here is some quick wins I can
see this is literally what you can show
the rest of your team and they can jump
on and clearly see like where the issue
is and where the gaps are and where we
can attack just by doing that little
video like spending a few then pinging
that across to them and the rest of the
team and giving a recap you've stood out
from most most other teams that just
can't be bothered to do that um just by
making a small 10-minute effort yeah
which you want the business don't you so
and it is the right piece of information
to be moving the thing along so they can
make that informed
decision have you ever written a post or
created content as the result of a
conversation so that you can then point
somebody towards it rather no here's I
created a couple months ago it's uh oh
interesting scuttles off to Studio
creates something puts it up again
here's something I
created all the time the answer I miss
that almost I mean I've certainly done
I've certainly done LinkedIn posts where
I've maybe spoken to a marketer or a
founder and had had something I thought
was half interesting or different or
unusual to to talk about like why they
why I why I guided them away from SEO is
one that I've done before because
because they were doing other other
campaigns and it didn't make sense and
here's why and here's what you should
consider your company so that kind of
stuff like conversations are always
useful to to get others point of view
and take ins if you think about it it's
I mean it's instant feedback isn't it
that's what's going through this
customer's mind this prospect's mind
well it's probably going through others
I mean they've just given you a gift
there that yes you're writing it for
them and pointing them towards it but a
load of other people see it so actually
this what do I post about what do I
write about but a weekend put picture of
cats that works but in the week when
you're hearing stuff like this and
thinking well that will be the post that
would serve them write it record it do
it it again it's the bars fairly low to
set ourselves apart just by doing
that agree yeah
agree cool so I mean this is it sounds
it's almost like a a master class in
here on informed decision making
which is such such a key part of the
ethical model or the elements that we've
we've got to think
about i' like to touch on transparency
and then then your take on this on we
all we're we're verging into that anyway
but just yeah transparency is another
important part of of ethical selling
what you take how' you go about that my
take is you should get Todd Capone on
this not
me you probably AR you yeah yeah's super
smart guy he's been on the podcast twice
he's in the book it's like yeah if you
can't use that word and not think about
it yeah I was gonna say talk the
transparency like the
OG um yeah I suppose a lot of it is is
what we've covered really isn't it
transparency it's like from a selling
perspective just from my own takes I
suppose it's being as upfront and clear
as possible at every stage so
whether that's like an
initial initial Discovery Co and just
saying like here's what here's what
we're going to what cover like I'm going
to ask I don't know starting by saying
what would you like to have happen by
the end of this cool okay sure I'll make
sure we cover that like I've got to ask
a few qu questions initially like to to
be very upfront we're not fit for every
business we speak to and I'm sure you
folks are the same like it might be by
the end of the schol you feel we're not
best placed feel free to let me know
take zero offense we can always keep in
touch it might be I feel we're about not
the best partner for you and if so do
you mind if I tell you and I'll even try
and point you to another partner if I
think that they might be a better fit if
not we can keep in touch or or likewise
the third option is we might both agree
that there's some business to be done
and usually that's either we work on an
assessment we do a paid audit or we do a
secondary like presentation call with
the rest of your team is that okay
people usually say Yes um that kind of
stuff but then I suppose and then
similar kind of process like outlining
that if if you do a demo cool or
presentation call or whatever that is um
and also I
suppose when you've landed a client like
pushing back as well so if maybe a
client's trying to steer the ship let's
say so in my world maybe it's SEO and
they're trying to overtake an article or
a piece of content we're writing or an
update to the website and we don't think
it's best serving their goals I.E
they're trying to go one way but we're
saying look you actually want to in this
case I don't know capture relevant
prospects from that are searching for
your offer or searching for the problem
you fix on Google like we think this is
actually going to best serve your needs
and here's why and I think most clients
99% of the time they'll appreciate the
push back because you you're serving
what they actually told you they want to
do so it's yeah it's those are a few
things that pop into
mind yeah oh I think Todd will be proud
of you with that answer that's
good he's got some interesting stuff man
I remember what he talk to me I can't
remember what he said but I asked him
when he came on my show ages ago about
pricing and there was a few things he
said I need to look back at that episode
cuz he said some really good stuff I
mean he definitely talk about lead with
a floor so it's saying hey if this is
important to you we're probably not the
best but if this this listen this is
then yes we are and then the probably to
do with the whole hiding pricing oh can
you tell me the price Sam uh later let
me just value stack no no just tell me
now no no no later tell me now no no
don't tell me then I've stop listening
yeah that's probably more marur isn't it
as much as everything else but uh
there's there's some really good people
out there talking about this sort of
stuff you know we've named up quite a
few there I'm going to name drop you in
those hallowed circles now mate because
you've given us a
really realistic really
realistic be able to speak decently a
very realistic view on how to do some of
this stuff very very practically what
you actually do as a you know as a
business owner as a Founder who's who's
selling and there we have it a big thank
you to Fred copestake for having me on
the sales Today podcast this was a bit
of an unusual episode where I dive into
my sales strategy and a B2B landscape as
always if you enjoyed the show why not
join thousands of Legends enjoying my
weekday emails for unusual B2B marketing
tips strategies experiments ideas and
more head over to breaking bb.com and
hit that newsletter Tab and with that I
should catch you on the next episode of
Breaking B2B cheers for tuning in
[Music]